All right,
Let's talk about a messaging framework.
Wow, we might wrap up
a lot sooner than four.
I'm used to having lots and lots of Q&A.
You guys are just so quiet.
Okay, so in any messaging framework,
our first impression, what is our first
impression that we want our audiences to
have when they interact with our content?
I would say a first impression that we all
want our audiences to have is like, good,
this is gonna be easy and help me make
a decision, or help me complete a task.
So that's pretty straightforward.
We don't want our audiences, a lot of
people talk about wanting audiences,
To feel inspired or engaged or compelled.
But really, before we can do that, we want
audiences to hit our content and go, okay,
this is not overwhelming to me.
So, anyway, I just think that that
every time I use that example of, good,
this will be easy, I'm sort of like,
this is pretty universal
to all content everywhere.
What do we want our audience to know or
believe about the value that we provide?
And the value statement here is, I know I
can be confident installing a Company X
system I haven't worked with
before because they make it easy.
So that is an example of a value
statement, that I can be confident for
this because they make it easy.
See how that builds on the first piece?
What will demonstrate to them what we
want them to know or believe is true.
So these are the proof points that we
need to consider when we are developing
our content.
They get how I think about my work,
so there's no trial and
error when I'm looking for information.
People like me contribute to
their support content, so
I trust the information is accurate.
I don't have to read through long articles
to just get the bit of information I need.
And they've thought through the ways I
might use their products that weren't
the original purpose and
help me configure them in new ways.
So these are examples of proof
points that clearly deliver or
demonstrate and
manifest the value statement,
which comes through in
the first impression.
Okay?
>> So these are like testimonials, then,
you kind of hear him in your head or
reactions?
>> Yeah, this is kind of how you,
this is the user mental model that
you want them to experience, okay?
Here is a big messy one
that I will just keep and
included in here that
you guys can dig into.
I'm not gonna take time to look at
each piece of it, but this was for
Code for America.
And it was a very sort of detailed, deeper
dive into their messaging that they used
across a variety of platforms and
content that had the desired impression.
Primary message, key concepts, proof,
related content, calls to action.
And then their three things were
to convert people to the idea,
to connect them with the solution,
and to empower them to go forward and
make change themselves.
So those were the themes that
kinda connected everything.
Anyway, it's a really cool case study for
you guys to take a look at.
What I would like to have you do now
is to take about ten minutes and
identify, does everybody work
specifically with a product or service?
Yes, sort of, yes.
Okay, I want you to use your portfolio.
Okay, and I'd like for
you guys to work through first impression,
value statement, and
proof points for content around that.
I'm gonna freeze my screen for
just a second, and
I will actually make this easier for
you to work with, hang on just a second.
Does everybody have a product or
service in mind?
All right, view navigator, play.
Do you want me to leave the example
up there, that's up there right now,
or do you wanna just see
the first top two pieces?
I just don't want to confuse you.
>> I like that example.
>> You like the example?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, we'll go ahead and
leave that up there then.
Okay, all right, let's take ten minutes.
I want you guys to think
about a product or a service.
And where we're getting to for
proof points is that's part of what's
gonna inform our content requirements.
Okay, but I would like for you to
think about it from the first person.
If it is easier for you to think
about it as the consumer yourself or
as the service recipient yourself,
then that's just fine if you don't feel
like you know enough about your users.
But think of a product or service, start
with that first impression that either you
want to have from the content or that you
did have the first time you saw them, and
work your way through it.
If you can do it for
your user with your product or
service that you're working on with
your organization, that's ideal.
Okay?